### Analysis
Geospatial analysis begins with modeling the world around us. Discrete features can be modeled as vectors (points, lines, and polygons), while continuous phenomenon like temperature and elevation can be modeled as rasters. Vector and raster data can be analyzed with spatial statistics using GIS to answer fundamental questions like, “Where’s the nearest coffee shop?” and “How do I get there from here?”. Geospatial analysis encompasses simple questions like these to more difficult questions that require complex models. More than anything, my graduate school education taught me how to perform geospatial analysis using both vector and raster data.  I’m an expert at using desktop GIS software like ArcMap and QGIS to perform geospatial analysis, and I am an expert at GIS programming using JavaScript, Python, and the totally awesome PostGIS extension for Postgres.

### Enterprise GIS
It’s really more like IT, and less like GIS. Modern enterprise geospatial architectures require an array of servers and databases.  I have experience creating, maintaining, and administrating a variety of enterprise GIS services, including: servers for hosting GIS layers on the web, deploying desktop GIS installations, and configuring spatially enabled databases to allow for the unique data editing requirements of GIS. I’ve setup and deployed instances of ESRI’s ArcGIS for Server. I have also worked with and administered ESRI’s ArcSDE on Postgres, including managing versions and database compression. I also have experience integrating enterprise GIS services into other enterprise systems, as well as working with ESRI’s ArcGIS Online.

### Web Mapping
Web mapping has a been a core component of my work for the last 4 years.   I’ve worked with Google Maps and Leaflet, and more recently I’ve been experimenting with Mapbox GL. I'm also really excited about Mapbox’s web GIS analysis toolset called Turf. In addition to client side mapping frameworks, I have experience with geospatial REST APIs like the ArcGIS REST API and GeoServer. I am completely comfortable working with data specifications like GeoJSON and the super awesome new(ish) Vector Tiles. I'm familiar with web GIS protocols like WMS and WFS, and I have built WMTS tile imagery services hosted on AWS S3 using GDAL. 
