### Databases
You've got to store that application data somewhere, and more often than not, it's in a database. I have experience using both relational SQL databases and NoSQL databases. I’ve maintained and administered SQL databases from creating login roles to restricting databases access to certain machines through configuration files. I’ve primarily worked with Postgres, and I have a deep understanding of its more esoteric features. I have also worked with SQLServer, MySQL, and MongoDB.  I’m extremely comfortable with basic database operations like writing queries, inserting, updating, and deleting data, creating indexes, and normalizing data. I’m also a big fan of leveraging the power of SQL in SQL functions and stored procedures for handling complex data manipulations instead of offloading that complexity to the application code.

### Infrastructure
In software applications and IT organizations, a database instance itself is often only a small component of a much larger data infrastructure of servers and ETL jobs. I have experience creating databases on cloud infrastructure like AWS EC2, AWS RDS and Heroku, as well as on local locally maintained servers. I understand the advantages and limitations of deploying databases in the cloud versus locally. I also have experience creating and maintaining ETL jobs using FME, Talend, Node.js, and some basic shell commands.  I have an excellent understanding of the organizational challenges that arise from complicated networks of ETL jobs in large organizations. I’m particularly excited about the potential of using micro-services like AWS Lambda to perform ETL type jobs on future projects.
