# Steep Slope Tool
The City of Asheville collaborated with a local university and the county government to create a web application to calculate the Average Natural Slope of any parcel or set of parcels in the county. The city and county both contributed code, and the university contributed a physical server.  The app worked great. Years went by and operating systems came and went, until one day Windows Server 2003 was no longer supported. A crisis ensued. The existing application code would not work on newer operating systems, so the entire app needed to be re-written, and everyone that had worked on project initially was gone. I had 2 weeks, and the city had mission critical business processes that depended on an API provided from the web application. Rather wasting time trying to properly configure a new Windows server, setup Postgres, and reimplement the existing .Net code, I decided to use Heroku. In a matter a minutes, I had a Postgres instance and a Node.js template app deployed. From there, I grabbed the complicated SQL bits from the existing application, and wrapped them in a lightweight API using Express that met the mission critical needs of the city. Finally, I added simple user interface with Handlebars for the public to interact with the API. Within a little over a week the new application was fully functional and deployed in place of the old app.

Check out the site, [here](http://www.mapwnc.org/).

Check out the code, [here](https://github.com/cityofasheville/coa-bc-steep-slope-calculator).
